BEAUTY I >>T EVERYBODY TO SEEH.
WE ALWE APPRECIATE,E? APPREEFFR
BE PERSONALLY,
HAS.
HE TE ONGOG
REE HOSTAGESTHEIFAMILIES.
'SBEGAN THERSATION.
>> MISTER SECRETARY, THANKOU
UCH.
THT.
KING FORWARD
THISEN'T WE?
>>SPECIAL.VERY SCI
THANKS HAVING
T'S TA ATAGEIF WE COULD.
BROKEN DOWN, THE
WAODDWIDE IT AE
HOSTAGES.
ON
DECK, ALL COUNTRIES WORKINTOS, M
HOME SAFELY, BUT I'M
WONDERING, IS  ANYTHING
OF TING WE WANT ALL THE
STAGES HOME?
>> GAIL, WHEIS EVERYAY.
ONESPONSIBILITY, I KNISS ER TO
OK OUT AMERICAN O IABESPECIALLY
CAPTIVH THE FA HEA THEM,
AND THAT'S THE THING THAT
ME M WILL IL WGET
EVERY SINGLE OT'S NOT ENOUGH.
L THE  MR.
SECRETARIES, ALL THESE NUMBE,,MT
THEYY MEMBERYTHING.
>>Y
WHAT YOU GUYS ARG?
YOU UNDERSTAND I CAN'T
BECAUSE
THISGOG ON
ANTHAN DAILY,
SOMETIMES EVEN H TD AN ANGLE TOT
TH RESTARTED.
AND YOIT'S NOT A QUEIO NUMBERS.
THREVEL FAMILI, N E
DOWN.
APF EM.
TH.SEA, E
Y HAMAS GETS THE
VOTE.AND HAMAS PEAGES, IT RMMIT.
THEY CHOSE TO AND THIS PROCESS
THTA HOSTAGES.
E
FS CIVILIANINAZT ACTUHAI THINKO
E.
HAPPENED ON OCTSOMETHING I HAVF
S, PARENTSTENT OF THE CHILDRENIN
WHAT WASDELIBERATELY,
Y, WITH THE
THEN U S TEOUP, HAMAS TREATD AI
TOD INTE
APARTMENT BUDIAN AIL
MOSQUNDEHOOLT'VECHALLENGING
ISRAEL TO DO WHAEE TO TRY TOSURT
EVERAPNSND
T HAMAVING SAID, THAHAVEFR
N LI DEVERYTHING POSSIBLE TO
PROTECVILIAN TO
DISTINGUISH BEISTS
CHILDREN.OMEN, AND
>> THAT PART DOE SEEM TO BE
SO WELL,SE
ABLIANS
E CIVILIS
OF
CHILDREN.
EVERYBOD
EN GUT-WRENCHIUS.
SOME IMPTATABEG TO
THE SOUTH
HE A REPEAT OFENT ACLRL I WAS
AT HAPPENED IN THE N TERMS OF HM
WHO NEEDEDIS MAK
, WAR, SHELT. ARE SEEING IS
CLEARLY DEGNATED BTH AS WHERE
EFE SUREPLE
ME  CITTHAT'S POSITIVE.
THAT HASO EEO DONE.
OPLE HAVE EAS
MASE AREASE SAFE,
VE THE
PROPER, HAVED, WATER, HAVE TOR .
SO THERE ARER OF THINGS
H NGAW IS
MAANO
PERSONAY, AND HOWECT YOU?
UGGLING.
I'VEKETHAT A LITTLE ASEL
DIED IAUSCHWITZ, IN
TH IN
GENERATION INTERNALIZEGOHAT
IS NOW UKRAINE BT
SONEF COURSE, IT
ESIDENCE.
AND A RESIDENTS THATOES TO
OPTHE
TED.
AMANPLWO STATEREPRESENTING ALLTH
PRESIDENT.
E
TO MSU AMERICAAMERICAS VALUE AH.
SAFE ARE JISENTS W IS THE LINE
BETWEEN HATEFREEDO SPEEC
I  FOCE WORLDYOND OUROR, LIKE AE
ADG HEARIN, TALKIN MOWN
. SRELY NEWITDENTSE OF THEE THAC
ROCK SINCE OCTOBER 7TH.
Y
DISTURD
OF HATREG
LIM
AMERICANB AMAN SEE THIS IN A DIL
D SATHEYBEE. RAISE A REA
EELING SD E I KNOW SO MANYE
HEIT SGUGGLING WITH EVENVEETARYO
D E STOP IWE HAVE TO RTYN .TO TE
AV OPENNESS
WHEN YOU HAVE THATLK ABOUT ANYT.
BUT ONCEOUON SEEING SOME ANOTHET
HUMAN, THAT TAKES
EVERY CHECK AWAY.
I
AT EXACTLY.
>> WHAT PART DO OUR POTI
AYEDE
EVERY DAY, THE
DEMOCRATS AND REL
WHAT PART N USRELNETHINGS ABOUTG
SECRETARY OF STATE'S, I DON'T
DO POLITICS.
AND I DON'T WANT TSTART
[LAUTER]. WAIT A SECOND, MISTER
ETARY.
HERE'S T THING.IS TIWHAT DO YOUI
I HAVE HEARD PRESIDENT
S I HAVE
E E OF
WORKING WITH H FOR MORE TH
20 YEA
AND T HAS CONSTANTLYVET'TOTALLYS
BUSTOP QH
OTHER'S MOTIVES.
LES ASSUME ARE GOOTIODNTENTIONSO
K THAT'S WHAWE
L.
>> UNLIKE WHAT YOU SAID ABOUT
HAVE C ABO
WHAT IS URTHAT GETS YOU THROUGH?
TH WYO
TO MEERO, THE GREATSI HAD A CHAT
DIRECTOR AND ACTOR, AND HE MADE.
ONE OF THE CHARACTERS YSTONE POE
LINE BETWEENVED STUPID.
OF THAT LINERY OKAY.